docs: Define config documentation (#65)
gsoft-inc/wl-squide: docs/guides/add-authentication.md

}
```

## Logout page

Add a logout page to the application:

```tsx host/src/Logout.tsx
import { Link } from "react-router-dom";
import { sessionManager } from "./session.ts";

export default function Logout() {
    sessionManager.clearSession();

    return (
        <main>
            <h1>Logged out</h1>
            <div>You are logged out from the application!</div>
            <Link to="/login">Log in again</Link>
        </main>
    );
}
```

> The logout page also take cares of **clearing** the current **session**, allowing to simply redirect to the page to clear current user session:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logout page also takes care of **clearing** the current **session**, allowing you to simply redirect to the page to clear the current user session:
```
